You think I'm gullible
I've actually seen the real thing.
It's a little darker than him.
Gao Ruonan, right?
I remember you.
There are too many people today to talk to. Let's talk another day.
Hahahaha
Lu Xiao knows the Zhang family in the imperial capital
Could it be that what he said before is true?
You said you were the second boss of the Black Panther Club
Hmph, the black panther will be the second master, obviously licking you?
I knew there wasn't a word in your mouth
Ah!
This little girl is nice
Luxiang, there are a lot of good goods around you.
You wait for me.
Let you wait for tomorrow
Sorry colleague
Other companies just said
To distance ourselves from our Gao Group
How come?
And what about ongoing projects?
All projects are now shut down